DOC-1949 RS 6.4.2 April release notes and docs (#2473)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-2-18-releases/_index.md

---
Title: Redis Enterprise Software release notes 6.2.18
linkTitle: 6.2.18 releases
description: Database auditing. Private key encryption. Active-Active database support for MEMORY USAGE command.
compatibleOSSVersion: Redis 6.2.6
weight: 73
alwaysopen: false
toc: "true"
headerRange: "[1-2]"
categories: ["RS"]
---

[Redis Enterprise Software version 6.2.18](https://redislabs.com/redis-enterprise-software/download-center/software/) is now available! 

This version of Redis Enterprise Software offers:

- RedisJSON on Active-Active General Availability 
- Database connection auditing
- Private key encryption
- Active-Active support for `memory usage` command
- `crdb-cli` improvements
- Compatibility with open source Redis v6.2.6
- Additional enhancements and fixes

## Detailed release notes

For more detailed release notes, select a build version from the following table:

{{<table-children columnNames="Version&nbsp;(Release&nbsp;date)&nbsp;,Major changes,OSS&nbsp;Redis compatibility" columnSources="LinkTitle,Description,compatibleOSSVersion" enableLinks="LinkTitle">}}

## Deprecations

### Active-Active database persistence

> The snapshot option for [data persistence on Active-Active databases](https://docs.redis.com/latest/rs/databases/active-active/manage/#data-persistence) will be deprecated in a future version of Redis Enterprise Software.  If you have an Active-Active database using snapshot persistence, we strongly encourage you to switch to AOF persistence.  Use `crdb-cli` to do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snapshot option for [data persistence on Active-Active databases](https://docs.redis.com/latest/rs/databases/active-active/manage/#data-persistence) will be deprecated in a future version of Redis Enterprise Software. If you have an Active-Active database using snapshot persistence, switch to AOF persistence. Use `crdb-cli` to do so:
```

```text
crdb-cli crdb update --crdb-guid <CRDB_GUID> --default-db-config '{"data_persistence": "aof", "aof_policy":"appendfsync-every-sec"}'
```

### TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1 

TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1 connections are considered deprecated in favor of TLS 1.2 or later.  

Please verify that all clients, apps, and connections support TLS 1.2.  Support for the earlier protocols will be removed in a future release.

> Certain operating systems, such as RHEL 8, have already removed support for the earlier protocols.  Redis Enterprise Software cannot support connection protocols that are not supported by the underlying operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain operating systems, such as RHEL 8, have removed support for the earlier protocols. Redis Enterprise Software does not support connection protocols that are not supported by the underlying operating system.
```
